Unit 7: 2DArrays
1.       Write a class YourNameU7E1R that has a 2D array and populate it with the states and their area codes.
a.       Develop a lookup by area code method that will display the following information (State, if the call is toll free, or the area code is not in use)
b.       Create a driver class YourNAmeU7E1D and prompt the user (from the resource class) for an area code, then using a print method, print the state.
a.        
2.       Write a class called YourNameU7E2R . The class will do the following:
a.       Fill a 20x20 matrix with random doubles. I would suggest keeping the numbers between .01 and 10.99. If the product says infinity, your number is too  big. Remember to use Math.random.
b.       Sum each of the indexes
c.       Multiply each of the indexes
d.       Print the sum and product.
 
3.       Write a class called YourNameU7E3D. The class will do the following:



4.       Write a class called YourNameU7E4D. The class will do the following:



5.       Write a class called YourNameU7E5D. The class will do the following:
a.       Fill a 3x3 matrix with random integers.
b.       Calculate the sum of the neighbors
c.       Place each sum in a different 3x3 matrix



    
6.       Write a class called YourNameU7E6R. The class will do the following:
Using the given matrix
a.       Populate the array using the matrix (Star Trek dataset, find your name)
b.       sum the numbers by row
c.       Put the sum in a one- dimensional array.
d.       Create a character array and populate it with the letters of the alphabet.
                                                               i.      Populate indexes 0 – 9 with a period, a questions mark, an explanation mark, a comma, and spaces for the remainder. “A” starts at index 10.
e.        Using the sum array, use the modulus operator, (%100) find the corresponding letter with in the character array and concatenate the letters and print out the letters. 
f.        Use the concatenation of letters from lab two. Using the substring method, populate a string array with the words and print out the message.
g.       Then use the character array and place the spaces in appropriate places and the correct punctuation marks. Print out the message
7.       Write a class called YourNameU7E7R. The class will do the following:
a.       Write a method that inverts a 2D array. So each column is now a row and each row is a column.
 
8.       Write a class called YourNameU7E8D. The class will do the following:
a.       Write a method that reverses the contents of a 2D array.
 
End of assignments …….


9.       Do Not Do Write a class called YourNameU7E9R. The class will do the following:
a.       Write a class that returns that +/- for the home team given an array of scores.
b.       “team +/-” means the total difference between the points scored by the home team and the points given up. It could be a negative number.
c.       Print if the home team won or lost that game. 

